## Introduction
The dataset used in this project contains information related to the Portuguese “Vinho Verde” red wine, inlcuding volatile acidity and quality rating, which we are interested in investigating. The wine is expert rated in a categorical variable from 1 (very bad) to 10 (very good) and contains no missing values. In this study, we will be focusing on the ratings of 5, 6 and 7.

Volatile acidity (g/dm³) is the measure of gaseous acids contained in wine. While naturally occuring as a product of wine fermentation, it can result in displeasant tastes and odors as an indication of spoilage and poor hygene practices when present in excess. According to the Code of Federal Regulations, the maxmimum amount of acceptable Volatile Acidity is 1.4 g/dm³. (Gardner, 2020). A statistical analysis by Jose, n.d. concludes a strong correlation and a decreasing trend between volatile acidity and quality. This begs the question: Is there a significant difference in volatile acidity across different quality ratings of wine?

We will conduct a multiple hypothesis test of ratings 5, 6, and 7 by calculating the mean and standard deviation of volatile acidity. As volatile acidity is a numeric variable, we can use mean as a point estimate because all the observations contribute equally. Since there are limited samples, we will use bootstraping to create resamples that will help estimate the sampling distribution. Moreover, standard deviation can help construct a confident interval, which approximates a possible range for the population parameter. We choose a standard 5% signficance level to account for the subjective nature of wine rating. Our null hypothesis is that there is no significant difference of volatile acidity, while the alternative hypothesis is that at least one out of the three ratings that significantly differs in level
